even ta fuck nigga call nelson realli one shit mine
get silli huh heart sure chill tippi babi connect got
know paper choke layer nigga got god got need declinin
lightspe run call four go like money think fire could
wake came tell sour gon acknowledg ai guy nigga dior
tellin heal get beef gettin babi turnt babi shit yeah
smoke play face littl nigga product run differ put got
laughter caught gang alright ai leg well babi car choru
skrrt like took ca way na rap stand decid full
box happen chanel whatev see know recip fame get know
four fuck refere forest noth flood sudden eas wan know
million might rest fed ta daddi make million jane sinc
chili got ai hoppin gunna whip opp fuck plug tellin
even watchin song ai love ten ca dealt interst grow
came grow nasti lil luck everi time hearin done ga
dentist sit hearin show hey dawg new speak turn lay
livin need floor life fuck woke way sudden real na
chair buyin babi hate like back give earn lil shit
like one owe block tune back regret benz finest seen
hoe nigga shoot one money red paid pain friend sticki
gon
