honest wrong babi never might tri first bridg sign dream
time new doin talk okay uh around cover anyon new
might color choru swift oh stair rare know mind like
rememb man sit sky well us blush stop assum look
everi thing best must one delic love climb like would
still soul right look beach hide said pretend say want
took know boyfriend fight stream ooh like like lost end
look ooh choru choru broken wor na taylor right everyon
stay replac song babi breath head like game famili nobodi
lifetim reason knee hear day time rumor drug swing pull
like time search anoth brought way see take good tipto
romeo make fuckin girl real cur realli kendrick mysteri love
game night gon could show tri show type wherev might
goddamn karma made take barefoot team beat cold head gone
put lover swift soldier scream tall look take love wan
say take taylor got bad afternoon rake watch thorn wrong
brag ask yet outro done like would choru pocket yeah
shini forget shoulder karma look know girl yeah like say
scream oh face shoot crazi august way good brendon place
lana said fall want happen na heel quicker let right
would